chore: add client pull requests to pull request template (#4716)
MetaMask/core: .github/pull_request_template.md

- [ ] I've updated the test suite for new or updated code as appropriate
- [ ] I've updated documentation (JSDoc, Markdown, etc.) for new or updated code as appropriate
- [ ] I've highlighted breaking changes using the "BREAKING" category above as appropriate

> - [ ] I've prepared client pull requests to resolve any breaking changes using preview builds

Reviewer: Could it apply to dependent packages in general rather than just clients?
```suggestion
- [ ] I've prepared draft pull requests on consumer packages to resolve any breaking changes using preview builds
```

Feel free to phrase this better

Author: Good point, are there many usages of these core packages outside of the clients?

I just assumed that extension and mobile where the biggest consumers so wanted to highlight them directly.

Reviewer: This is an example I can think about now: https://github.com/MetaMask/metamask-mobile/pull/11111#discussion_r1752031379

In this case `@metamask/phishing-controller`'s latest version is reaching the client before snaps-controller and other dependents, creating unaligned dependencies which are quite difficult to debug when it comes to messenger instances injected from the client

Author: Updated to mention both for clarity.

> - [ ] I've prepared draft pull requests against client and consumer packages to resolve any breaking changes

Author: ```suggestion
- [ ] I've prepared draft pull requests for clients and consumer packages to resolve any breaking changes
```
